Fix dependencies on unimodules-test-core not to break bare apps. (#8881)
expo/expo: packages/@unimodules/core/CHANGELOG.md

### 🎉 New features

> - Expo modules applying `unimodules-core.gradle` now depends on `unimodule-test-core` in Android test flavors. ([#8881](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/8881) by [@mczernek](https://github.com/mczernek))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expo modules applying `unimodules-core.gradle` now automatically depend on `unimodule-test-core` project in Android test flavors if the `src/test` directory exists in the module project. (In packages published to NPM the directory should not be present, so there's no need to change anything in users' projects.) ([#8881](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/8881) by [@mczernek](https://github.com/mczernek))
```

Would adding some more context make sense here?

> - Unimodules applying `unimodules-core.gradle` would have `unimodule-test-core` module added as a dependency in android test flavors. ([#8881](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/8881) by [@mczernek](https://github.com/mczernek))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Expo modules applying `unimodules-core.gradle` now depends on `unimodule-test-core` in Android test flavors. ([#8881](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/8881) by [@mczernek](https://github.com/mczernek))
```
